README.md, before:

# dashj

> A Java library for working with Dash

[![Tests](https://github.com/dashevo/dashj/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/dashevo/dashj/actions)

### Welcome to dashj

The dashj library is a Java implementation of the Dash protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Dash Core. It comes with full documentation and some example apps showing how to use it.

### Technologies

* Java 8
* [Maven 3+](http://maven.apache.org) - for building the project
* [Google Protocol Buffers](https://github.com/google/protobuf) - for use with serialization and hardware communications

### Getting started

To get started, it is best to have the latest JDK and Maven installed. The HEAD of the `master` branch contains the latest development code and various production releases are provided on feature branches.

#### Building from the command line
To initialize the repo after cloning it: 
```
git submodule update  --init --recursive
```
To perform a full build use (this includes the dashjbls shared library):
```
mvn clean package
```
To perform a full build without building the bls shared library and skip the test:
```bash
mvn clean package -Pno-build-bls -DskipTests
```
To perform a full build with the tests:
```bash
mvn clean package -Pno-network
```
To perform a full build and install it in the local maven repository:
```bash
mvn clean install
```
You can also run
```bash
mvn site:site
```
to generate a website with useful information like JavaDocs.

The outputs are under the `target` directory.

#### Deployment

To deploy to the maven repository:
```bash
mvn clean deploy -DskipTests -P release
```
#### Building from an IDE

Alternatively, just import the project using your IDE. [IntelliJ](http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/) has Maven integration built-in and has a free Community Edition. Simply use `File | Import Project` and locate the `pom.xml` in the root of the cloned project source tree.

The dashjbls library must still be built with `mvn`.

### Example applications

These are found in the `examples` module.

### Where next?

Now you are ready to [follow the tutorial](https://bitcoinj.github.io/getting-started).  Though this is for bitcoinj, there is no equivalent site for dashj.

Commit message:

chore: extract dashj-bls (#140)
* chore: remove dashj-bls module and related submodule

* chore: add new submodule for dashj-bls

* docs: update instructions on building

* chore: run CI on release-* branches

Signed-off-by: HashEngineering <hashengineeringsolutions@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# dashj

> A Java library for working with Dash

[![Tests](https://github.com/dashevo/dashj/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/dashevo/dashj/actions)

### Welcome to dashj

The dashj library is a Java implementation of the Dash protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Dash Core. It comes with full documentation and some example apps showing how to use it.

### Technologies

* Java 8
* [Maven 3+](http://maven.apache.org) - for building the project
* [Google Protocol Buffers](https://github.com/google/protobuf) - for use with serialization and hardware communications

### Getting started

To get started, it is best to have the latest JDK and Maven installed. The HEAD of the `master` branch contains the latest development code and various production releases are provided on feature branches.

#### Building from the command line
To initialize the repo after cloning it (this will build the bls shared library): 
```
git submodule update  --init --recursive
cd contrib/dashj-bls
mvn package -DskipTests
cd ../..
```
To perform a full build use (this includes the dashjbls shared library):
```
mvn clean package
```
To perform a full build without building the bls shared library and skip the test:
```bash
mvn clean package -Pno-build-bls -DskipTests
```
To perform a full build with the tests:
```bash
mvn clean package -Pno-network
```
To perform a full build and install it in the local maven repository:
```bash
mvn clean install
```
You can also run
```bash
mvn site:site
```
to generate a website with useful information like JavaDocs.

The outputs are under the `target` directory.

#### Deployment

To deploy to the maven repository:
```bash
mvn clean deploy -DskipTests -P release
```
#### Building from an IDE

Alternatively, just import the project using your IDE. [IntelliJ](http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/) has Maven integration built-in and has a free Community Edition. Simply use `File | Import Project` and locate the `pom.xml` in the root of the cloned project source tree.

The dashjbls library must still be built with `mvn`.

### Example applications

These are found in the `examples` module.

### Where next?

Now you are ready to [follow the tutorial](https://bitcoinj.github.io/getting-started).  Though this is for bitcoinj, there is no equivalent site for dashj.
